---
layout: post
title: "Andrew Li, Weekly Reflection"
date: 2018-10-26
---

Throughout the benchmark, we were given information to comprehend and use in our work. In the beginning, we were given a question, “What is the web”, this was the first step towards the start of a new adventure. What we came up was a list of things relating to the web. Such as the internet, online, searching, and websites. Later on, we were being taught about what HTML files and CSS style was. What we learned was that HTML files are called Hyper Text Markup Language, and that this sort of file describes the structure of the program, and that CSS-Style was the exterior appearance, that controls the font, color, and family font. It stands for Cascading Style Sheet. Next up we learned how to create GitHub Blogs that are used to record out weekly learning. We learned that the computer is strict is expects what it wants to be able to produce what you want. We learned that math also plays a role in coding, we were given numbers and asked how to do the circle of evaluations, and that you could transfer over the circle of evaluations towards a coding language called racket. There you could do basic mathematics, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Moving on from math, we were given a task of finding out what headings do, “li” “heads” “p”, these are only some of the headings that were mentioned to us. We learned that each heading plays a role in creating a program, such a “li”. This heading helps list items with the help of “ol” or “ul” these when putting together, can create a list of items that you want. Next up, we learned about contracts and what they do. Again, contracts need you to put each information in order, an example of a contract is the addition function. The order of the contract goes as, ;+: Number Number -> Number, so if you replace the Number, with a value such as 1 and 2, the end result will be a 3, since 1 + 2 equals 3. Not only can you do Number functions, but you could also create images, such as a star. The star function is a bit different than the number function but it works the same way, if you give in what the computer expects, then the computer will give you what you expect, in this case, a star. The function for this is, ; star: 50 “solid” “red”, now those quotation marks are called strings and those are used to create functions as well. Later on, we were handed a task to create a flag, being the simpleton I am, I chose to do the Japan flag, since its one of the easiest flag that to make in my opinion. I started by creating a white rectangle with an outline to get the black outline. Then I created a red circle and used 2 methods to make the flag. First, it was the overlay, then I used the put-image way as well. We then learned how to define a function so you could just type a phrase to get an entire line of code. the code for this is, (define the name (star 50 “solid” “red”)), so whenever you type in a name you get a red 50 solid star. Next week we were introduced to a new way of coding, called pair programming, this style of programming is used to solve difficult problems with 2 people, and also allows you to focus on different parts of the problem. There are 2 people, one of them is called the “Driver” this person controls the keyboard and mouse, while their counterpart is called the “Navigator” this person thinks about the problem and checks for errors. But this person can not touch the keyboard or mouse. There is also only 2 modes in the appearance of the shape, outline and solid. As for color, you can choose what color you want, as long as it's in the database. There are also attachments you could use to change the function, some examples are put-image, which is used to put 2 images together, but you could move an image unlike overlay, which only puts an image in the center of the other image and rotates, which rotates the image however much you want. We were exposed to a math questioning our age, we used this data and incorporate this to out define knowledge, we could set one value as something and whenever you want to change something you could just adjust the line of coding to apply to all of the other codes that you have included in, for example, if you have a line of code called square, then you could change the code so it will be changed in lines of code that used the code called “square”. This is what we learned throughout this semester so far.
