---
layout: post
title: "Andrew Li, Weekly Reflection-11"
date: 2018-11-30
---

We took the computer science Midterm Test this week and a question that I found hard was, question 13 On version 2 of the test. The question gave us some information that told us the weight of the 3 friends in Earth but being multiplied my 1/6. Then the question asked what would be the appropriate name for the changing variable. the choices were, Earth-Weight, Moon-Weight, Plant, and Weight. Using logic you could get rid of Plant, and Weight because they don't define the name that good. So were left with Earth-Weight, and Moon-weight. Now the question asked what the name would be for the changing variable so you might think it's Earth-Weight, but according to the data we revived more than half of the people that took the test, got it wrong. They chose Moon-Weight, including me. I think this question is easy, but easy to trick as well. If you don't look closely at the question. Then you might think it would be Moon-weight since that would be a appropriate name for the function. But the question itself is asking for the name of the changing variable. This question falls under the Mastery Skill 5, and is at the highest level, Practitioner, Identify Variable, since it's asking for the name of a changing variable. According to the data, 56.6% people that took the test thought it was Moon-Weight. But 23.6% of the people that took it got 23.6% of it right. Making the Proportion correct 0.236 aka 23.6%. This was a difficult question because it required your comprehension of questions to see what the question was asking for, and it gave 2 really good answers, that made most of the people get it wrong. 
